---
title: About
permalink: /about/
id: about
description: About the life and interests of Caleb Evans, coder for Christ
---

### Who are you?

I'm Caleb Evans, a college student with many passions: coding for Christ,
spending time with family and friends, watching movies, and eating impressively
large quantities of pizza. I currently reside in Carlsbad, California, attending
college with a goal of earning a degree in computer science.

### What do you do?

Since 2010, I've been programming for school and for fun. My most prominent work
includes a plethora of web apps and useful tools, many of which were created to
automate what I grew tired of doing manually. Others I created simply for fun.

### Why do you code?

Besides the fact that I greatly enjoy coding, I ultimately code for Christ, who
has been and always shall be my Lord, my Friend, and my Savior. I code because I
believe the work of my hands glorifies God through the creativity I express, and
ultimately, through the lives enriched by my projects.

### How many languages do you speak?

I am fluent in over six million forms of... haha, just kidding. I am fluent in
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and PHP, since most of my projects are Web-based. I'm
also well versed in Python, and I fiddle with Bash regularly in an effort to
improve my developer workflow.

### What is your favorite language?

If I could choose only one, my favorite language would probably be JavaScript
because of its elegance and because npm totally rocks. I'm also very fond of
Python for its expressiveness, extensibility, and comprehensive standard
library.

### What is your code editor of choice?

I use [Atom][atom], an open-source editor developed by GitHub. The editor itself
is built withÂ the latest web technologies (HTML5/CSS/JS), which makes it
impressively customizable yet incredibly easy to use. For those interested in
giving it a try, you can view my complete Atom configuration (including the
packages I use) on my [dotfiles repository][dotfiles].

[atom]: https://atom.io/
[dotfiles]: https://github.com/caleb531/dotfiles

### Tabs or spaces?

That depends. In Atom, spaces behave the same as tabs when used as indentation,
so I generally conform to the convention of whatever language I'm writing in.

### What's the story behind your project icons?

I actually made them myself; each icon is written in pure SVG markup.
