### Who are you?

I'm Caleb Evans, a web developer based in Carlsbad, California. My passions
include programming, spending time with family and friends, enjoying movies,
trampolining, and savoring quality pizza.

### What do you do?

Since 2010, I have been engaged in programming (particularly web development)
for professional, academic, and personal pursuits. My portfolio includes a wide
range of web applications and tools, many designed to automate repetitive tasks,
and others created purely for enjoyment. With a Bachelor's degree in Computer
Science under my belt, I aim to build apps that are enjoyable, functional, and
high-quality.

### Why do you code?

Besides the fact that I'm deeply passionate about programming, I strive to code
for Christ, who walks with me as my Lord, Friend, and Savior. I believe the work
of my hands glorifies God through the creativity I express and the lives
enriched by my projects.

### How many languages do you speak?

I am fluent in HTML5, CSS/Sass, and TypeScript, and everything in-between: Node,
PHP, even MySQL. Additionally, I am well-versed in Python and regularly use Bash
to enhance my development workflow.

### What is your favorite language?

If I had to choose one, my favorite language would be TypeScript due to its
comprehensive type system, helping me catch more bugs in the moment, and overall
making my code feel more robust. Plus, I thoroughly enjoy working with the
expressive ES6 language features like async/await, destructuring, and optional
chaining.

### What is your code editor of choice?

For many years, I used [Atom][atom]. However, I now prefer [VS Code][vscode] for
its powerful feature set, excellent TypeScript support, and impressive
performance. You can find all of my VS Code configuration in my public
[dotfiles][dotfiles] repository.

[atom]: https://atom.io/
[vscode]: https://code.visualstudio.com/
[dotfiles]: https://github.com/caleb531/dotfiles

### Tabs or spaces?

It depends. In VS Code (with the "Sticky Tab Stops" setting enabled), spaces
behave the same as tabs when used as indentation. This setting gives me the
freedom to honor the convention of whichever language I'm writing in.

### What's the story behind your project icons?

I designed and crafted every project icon in pure SVG markup. Sure, one might
say it's insane to write SVGs by handâ€”and it probably is ðŸ˜…. But I suppose I
take pleasure in the precision and portability of handwritten SVGs, partly I
don't have to be dependent on premium apps like [Sketch][sketch].

[sketch]: https://www.sketch.com/
